Minor guide sections (#6)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/newsletter/newsletter_interface.md

# Newsletter interface

eZ Commerce provides a common interface for newsletter providers: `Siso\Bundle\NewsletterBundle\Api\NewsletterInterface`. If another newsletter provider is used, the following methods have to be implemented.

## subscribeNewsletter/unsubscribeNewsletter

The `subscribeNewsletter` and `unsubscribeNewsletter` methods subscribe or unsubscribe to/from a newsletter with given `$params`.
You can pass to the method any data that is, for example, posted from a form.
If `$customerProfileData` is provided, attributes from `$customerProfileData` are used to (un)subscribe to/from the newsletter

> otherwise the required attributes must be specified in $params.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
otherwise the required attributes must be specified in `$params`.
```

Returns a list with the newsletter IDs and whether the action was successful (true/false).

## updateNewsletter

The `updateNewsletter` method updates newsletter details with given `$params`.
The implementation of this method must dispatch `UpdateNewsletterEvent`.

Returns a list with the newsletter IDs and whether the action was successful (true/false).

## updateUserEmail

The `updateUserEmail` method updates newsletter user's email address.

Returns a list with the newsletter IDs and whether the action was successful (true/false).

## getEmail

> The `getEmail` method returns the correct email address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `getEmail` method returns the email address.
```

> If `CustomerProfileData` is provided, the email from `SesUser` has to be used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `CustomerProfileData` is provided, the email from `SesUser` will be used.
```

> If `CustomerProfileData` is provided, the email from `SesUser` has to be used

Author: ```suggestion
If `CustomerProfileData` is provided, the email from `SesUser` is used.
```

> If `CustomerProfileData` is not provided, the email from `$params` has to be used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `CustomerProfileData` is not provided, the email from `$params` will be used.
```

> If `CustomerProfileData` is not provided, the email from `$params` has to be used

Author: ```suggestion
If `CustomerProfileData` is not provided, the email from `$params` is used.
```

## doesUserExistInNewsletter

The `doesUserExistInNewsletter` method returns true if a user exists in the newsletter provider.
This method checks if the user is known to the newsletter provider, but does not evaluate the status
(if the user subscribes to the newsletter).

The goal of this method is to find out if a user exists in the DB of the newsletter provider (active/inactive),
because even if the user is inactive, they probably already confirmed their email address in the past

> (e.g. through the double opt-in process)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(e.g. through the double opt-in process).
```
